---
title: "Learning Object-Centric Representations of Multi-object Scenes from Multiple Views"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2020-mulmon
author_list: '<b>Li Nanbo</b>, Cian Eastwood, Robert B. Fisher'
excerpt: #'We propose a generative framework for learning accurate, object-centric scene representations from multiple views.'
date: 2020-12-05
venue: 'NeurIPS'
paperurl: 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.07117.pdf'
citation: # 'Your Name, You. (2015). &quot;Paper Title Number 3.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(3).'
---
<p>
{% include base_path %}
{% include youtube.html id="Og2ic2L77Pw" %}
</p>

Learning object-centric representations of multi-object scenes is a promising approach towards machine intelligence, facilitating high-level reasoning and control from visual sensory data. However, current approaches for unsupervised object-centric scene representation are incapable of aggregating information from multiple observations of a scene. As a result, these "single-view" methods form their representations of a 3D scene based only on a single 2D observation (view). Naturally, this leads to several inaccuracies, with these methods falling victim to single-view spatial ambiguities. To address this, we propose The Multi-View and Multi-Object Network (MulMON) -- a method for learning accurate, object-centric representations of multi-object scenes by leveraging multiple views. In order to sidestep the main technical difficulty of the multi-object-multi-view scenario -- maintaining object correspondences across views -- MulMON iteratively updates the latent object representations for a scene over multiple views. To ensure that these iterative updates do indeed aggregate spatial information to form a complete 3D scene understanding, MulMON is asked to predict the appearance of the scene from novel viewpoints during training. Through experiments, we show that MulMON better-resolves spatial ambiguities than single-view methods -- learning more accurate and disentangled object representations -- and also achieves new functionality in predicting object segmentations for novel viewpoints.

[Read the paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.07117.pdf)
